Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Brittney: Make the video like full size, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think I phones. One side is happy horizontal and other side is unhappy. I don't know which size it is
Brittney: A. That's a good trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Alright, so let me open up a note and we can just dive right in here and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to kind of take a peek at where we left off. But if you have something kind of big going on. You can tell me, and we can start there.
Brittney: There's always something
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, um, but, but even though you you know you say that sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Current triggers have a real for me out here. It's easier for me to see because I'm not in it emotionally like you are
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see. Oh, that sounds a lot like back here. Let's go to this old place. It might be connected a bridge to this old storyline. So, and it also might
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a little bit off your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to
Brittney: My sister's during really bad. I'm extremely worried about her scared. I'm going oh
Brittney: My gosh, are yesterday ever face. It's just completely scabs and her hair was like all freaked out. Like, it just doesn't work that my sister all
Brittney: So she's doing man.
Brittney: She's like,
Brittney: I don't know. Now she kicks on her cell with opiates, so that makes me think she's still there and opiates. Yeah, it's very odd. She has an autoimmune disease and opiates just screw with her. She has Crohn's disease. So when she's doing them. She just she started
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Brittney: But she might be doing other stuff she's on methadone, like a five milligrams and still doing other drugs said she was on Molly or cocaine or whatever. And she's really on
To death.
Brittney: And my mom is too. And so my mom slipped up and she started partying last week and I came home and they were both here fucked up and I lost it on them.
Brittney: Both of them.
Brittney: And then me and Adrian. I've been fighting. It's just but silver lining. I found out, They're wrong about my copay it actually went down so we can see each other once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what
It just really
Brittney: Ya.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know and and on top of that. I mean, it's hard to not talk about that I had made a mistake. I'm an old school agenda user
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, Yes, on a text and it was two weeks out and I really work on this like one week maybe two week I, my eyes are like right here on this one week. It's all right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you guys your lives are going up and down and and I'm so sorry I booked someone else. I'm so sorry. That's all my fault.
Brittney: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was so
Brittney: Small that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but I thought, I thought, you know what she could, she could write me off. She could say this is just another person that doesn't put me first. I was so worried you would do that.
Brittney: I think I understood
Brittney: That's why I just told you if I needed to take a step back from because I was getting I was getting a little high for you because there's just so much else going on. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we got the we got the good news. We can process of that other stuff and see connections without a little later. But the big precedent part is
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you've told me your, your sister has really tried to self destruct before and you see her doing it now and and you're scared and now your mom's even less help. I mean, if that were possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Brittney: I'm just gonna die.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, but there's, I just, I haven't seen well okay let's just, we can do a quick scan. Does she hear anyone grandparent cousin auntie. Can she ever hear the wisdom of anybody to shake her out of this or does she have to just get
Wrong.
Brittney: I don't know what it's
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the past. She's, she's attempted suicide, I believe, right.
Brittney: Yeah yeah
Brittney: And then a couple other like flute. She's the hospital is twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your mom doesn't have any ability to help there. She just joined her and that that escape.
Brittney: Yeah, the last week. I mean, she got real guilty on herself. After I blew up on her and
Brittney: She's saying she's gonna stay home and deal with her stuff but
Brittney: I see that she wants to change.
Brittney: Whatever.
Brittney: All the stress. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom says she was stay home or your sister.
Brittney: My mom. She's, she's trying to cheer GUYS THAT SHE SCREWED UP.
Brittney: But, you know,
Brittney: Back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, admit that may not last very long. Unfortunately,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Brittney: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: continues in a kind of kind of predictable way right the up and down a
Lot of down
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so the upside is to get to keep seeing each other. That's cool, it's affordable. I know Dr. Aubrey all she must have seen that on the record. There's a calendar that you're going to see me and she I jumped the gun. I thought she would want to know about medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think she's going to want to know if your plan is to go to a provider outside of Braveheart which is fine. Some people only see me for the psychotherapy, they found it too pricey, and they have to go elsewhere and
Brittney: Do you have a plan, you know,
Brittney: I was planning on suing for at least one more time for now because I haven't looked into finding another provider and now I found my hope is with you or lower house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to invite her right at the tail end. I have a bio psychosocial right after our appointment, but to me to see if she can jump in and you can at least get maybe a month of medication. So you should be willing to do that for you to differentiate for a month.
Brittney: Or know what I have to get to see her today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, she doesn't, it's kind of, I don't know, I'll be honest with you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have to understand she's your physician to write an order, she needed to kind of coordinate with you.
Brittney: Give it some thought. I wrote
Brittney: I wrote her an email like three days ago I
Brittney: don't check to see, she replied.
Brittney: There you go.
Brittney: I have like two strips less though. Yeah, I was planning on trying to get in on the Monday session if I have to. But I need to see if I have enough room on my credit card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I mean, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's do that medication piece right at the end, I'll just send her a little message, say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a possibility. You might be able to join us. How about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly. Let's just see. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: May be possible to join at tail end of session, question mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what she says she might have another appointment to be out of town. I don't know what's going on. Okay, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me check a couple other domains.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work clipping along kind of using the skills you've developed to sort of sort of try to get that distance to check out sort of that reality check skill of yes I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this perceived threat. This might be about me. But then you kind of take time to breathe and really put time in there to see if that initial assumption was spot on.
Brittney: Works in order for new students was found myself shutting down and not being able to like focus on my work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because of that, what's going on at home with your sister.
Brittney: Yeah, and we're hiring at work and they have me in Burma, go on to the interviews.
Brittney: And we interviewed with this one guy has a life and I have to share an office with this person. So I really like this guy and a lot of tech background is yoga instructor like he's done all kinds of cool stuff. And then we have another interview with my Mormon bosses nephew.
Brittney: Acquire instructor who's
Brittney: He wants to go to school to be like a
Brittney: Pa or something like medical and I was just like, so what did you want to switch like actually is the one that I'm like, So why are we hired this guy because apparently is on the they're hiring so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you're going to carry an office with him instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah Oh fun
Brittney: To have
Brittney: Like a wholesome
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, if it was material for a stand up comedy, you're, you're creating some good material there.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk. Let's just talk about
Brittney: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Story. I'll tell a story.
Brittney: I mean, I'm not trying to sound so does my boy, it's gonna be hard to really
Brittney: Well, you know,
Brittney: He wants to be the grid that's frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you never know sometimes people. I mean, there's lots of different ways that if we can postpone our initial judgment. We get to be sort of surprised. Sometimes that there is some overlap.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all get scared. We all want love. We all want security we look for it in different places. He's looking for it and maybe you know structured religion.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're looking for it in psychology, philosophy, you know, and sort of right meditation. We're all looking for it, we can find some common, common ground there. If you have to really stretch
Brittney: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll be funny, you'll be able to kind of giggle with your friends about it, like, Wow, this is what I really wanted to say this is what I said, This is what I was thinking. This is what I said.
Yeah. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, it's but I don't want to miss the part about it's been hard to focus has that actually impacted productivity is it catching your bosses attention is that adding to stress or is it really is just a self perceived
Brittney: Peace. No, I would say.
Brittney: I was I was upset yesterday on my phone that I should
Brittney: Remember we've we've always for two days. I'm sure you've noticed you haven't said anything to me about it. I was planning on picking it up. This next week. But I literally just, I just couldn't I just literally I didn't want to be there. I wanted to leave so
Brittney: Several times last week, where did you want to go.
Brittney: Far enough to think and be present.
Brittney: I haven't gone to the gym as last week.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
You don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present. That's a really profound thing, right. I don't want to be sort of present with what's going on. I don't want to be thinking about it and I want to be feeling it, that, that's it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sounds like it.
Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do let's do some therapeutic
Gwenevere Abriel: Intervention here let's let's kind of get into to shifting what you're experiencing right now you got real close to almost reliving some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's together kind of bring our attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back inward and let's actually do some remembering pulling those protective qualities pulling nurturing and pulling the wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll remind you a little bit about him. She's nice breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just find your natural breath and got really nice posture. They're really let that Aaron, let it make its way all the way to the bottom of the long
You really get that down there in the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so doing just slowly and gently as a part of this acknowledgement that you have right now and you can choose right now to turn your mind to a different focus and we can turn it to
Gwenevere Abriel: This sensing quality of the mountains.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing peaceful light and carefree
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: All the sudden notice a temperature change if you were in the mountains. How might it, feel it, touch the skin. Maybe your lips and your cheeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: A sound or the lack of noise.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might feel peaceful
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be unburdened and protected there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might then bring your attention to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This routine maybe of turning attention to protective quality yes and nurturing that Mother Earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always, in a sense, wanting you to grow and develop
Gwenevere Abriel: Into this whole person that you are
Gwenevere Abriel: This authentic self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this awareness of a wise quality coming on when the sun is felt on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of tethering between that imagery, which is in the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing if the body's willing to accept that as a truth that you can feel protective qualities nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that imagery. Make sure the body's in congruence with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of moving back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scanning maybe the chest or
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe the hips or
The guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just checking in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this whole person that is you. Is it on same page is there congruency just paying attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: See where your mind drifts off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to how you gently bring yourself back because that's the process, the mind wants to wander and solve and project into the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you come back to the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right here sit on your bed, talking to someone that cares about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the only moment you have
Gwenevere Abriel: If this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to how you feel in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being a witness
Gwenevere Abriel: Gently coming back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving between the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: You share a little bit about what your, your thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up for you right now.
Brittney: On in my body, but
Brittney: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brittany Is you hold back, hold back and hold back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have enough privacy right now. Maybe it was only 420 seconds that you didn't hold back. This would be different, where you grow tissue and a pillow and literally didn't hold back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You always hope that when you didn't. And you're right here. It's not going to last forever. But she really solved and cried and screamed into that pillow, together with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you always hold back.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to take a hold of you away forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason you don't want to feel it is only because you think it's going to take over. It's not going to, you can you can move in and then you'll open your eyes. And you'll see me here you'll see you're not going through this alone, you're not in a row by yourself. I'm right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get to I get to contain that sorrow with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You always hold back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you love and cry and and and and if you can shout it out. But you need to tell me if there's so many other room and you can give it words out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if letting it out works better than holding back
Brittney: Okay.
Fair enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least you can say what that thought was right before you said, I don't think I can. What was the reason you. Thank you. You're not giving yourself permission to do it.
Brittney: I feel confused about.
Brittney: My emotions and
Brittney: Reactions lately. Okay.
Brittney: You want to
Brittney: Tell me about your
Brittney: Medications like
Brittney: Times I feel
Brittney: Like it's not allowing me to fill
Brittney: I mean I'm bouncing back but
Brittney: I guess I don't feel emotionally
Brittney: Mature for as long as, like,
Brittney: I also been feeling the UPS as much
Gwenevere Abriel: Not crying as much which you do like but also not feeling the joy.
Brittney: Yeah.
Brittney: Yeah okay, what's going on with
Gwenevere Abriel: This statement here is is pretty common that's in common. When you're sharing here feeling off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way better be nice to to find out what it's like to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Not so so off might be nice to learn that I haven't heard much
Brittney: Much of those moments I felt it was just, I just feel like this. I felt like I was really good.
Brittney: More or less positive and positive trajectory and then like I don't know if it's just holding stress or
Brittney: For mobile stuff.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how what you did was you said I have, I have to understand it before I I give myself permission to emote. You don't have to know
Gwenevere Abriel: why I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get to do that.
Brittney: I think practicing that so much because I don't like being amongst other people
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: But since I met you, this is a this is I wanted to do something different with you and I have given it thought it's the holding back
Gwenevere Abriel: I do you really is is is the so notice it wasn't know when it's not that I'll collapse that all beat fall into an abyss of despair. Now it's I'm confused. I need to know first why I'm upset. You're not letting me help. You're not letting me do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's having a witness. What if it's getting it all out hearing yourself. Say it. The confusion and let that catharsis happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you already have been doing the I'm holding it back, but it's getting to the point where you can't focus at work and you want to get away and you want to sleep. You don't want to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try it. Grab grab your pillow kind of put it at your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it comes up, it comes up. Okay, so let's go back a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm afraid, something will happen to my sister. That's a big one right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that thought going through your head just now.
Brittney: Second,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because you start to project in a future.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember
Brittney: After
Brittney: We do our, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
We're
Brittney: being brutally honest with her. This week, but what else to do.
Brittney: I mean, I'm not trying to be mean like
Brittney: People do yesterday she looks worried about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not mean
Gwenevere Abriel: That's tough love. Okay, that's what love is, she needs it shoot your sisters not around your she is in deep addiction. She
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish I wish she was on pretrial release and a judge can pull her in and get her into custody and force residential treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish we had those arms to reach in and get her.
Brittney: She's gonna have to have her other resources. My mom called her method or older, she was still you still are still provide
Brittney: Just want to make money with every other stupid says
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's right, yeah.
That's right, for profit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's disgusting.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any doubt that you called her out on her addictive behavior because you don't love her. It mean it's not that it's you called her out because you love her. That's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's not if I said something mean no
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not the cause of what she's doing what
Brittney: Goes to her, she's
Brittney: built on top of all the
Brittney: OK.
OK, I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how old is this guilt is that even older than what you would happen with
Brittney: For
Brittney: Always
Brittney: Be the harsh word fear, you know, basically.
Brittney: You know,
Brittney: No, no.
Brittney: I always wish we could be closer and I felt like we're getting close before
Brittney: We build our direction so
Brittney: But she's always kind of resented me for
Brittney: A brutally honest with her.
Brittney: She doesn't let anybody and she doesn't hear anything, even before she was really
Brittney: She must really
Brittney: Have some stuff that she can't, we can't tell her anything
Gwenevere Abriel: She's, she's your mother's daughter.
Brittney: meaner version.
Brittney: Though
Gwenevere Abriel: She's, she's doing the best she can
She is
Brittney: Just realized it's just like
Brittney: Hate to put it all to one event that seems like everything really when my dad died, you know, that's just
Brittney: I didn't know how to deal with it. I can help Paleo if it
Brittney: Comes through dealt with it. That's what she tried to kill herself.
Brittney: And I think that's what my mom stopped really
Brittney: Maybe meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you stepped in. As Karen.
Brittney: Try, try made my mom wasn't
Brittney: She got a lie, like the year 16 or 17
Brittney: You know, wake it up for success and were
Brittney: Several times to be really of school. You know, so
Brittney: Rapper that she was played for years. Good.
Drinking
Brittney: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we work with that one. Let's do a really isolated piece with, I don't know if you have your, your little items, your things
Gwenevere Abriel: To have
Gwenevere Abriel: Things next to your phone tall.
Brittney: Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: shoulder width apart.
I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this guilt because this isn't the first time I've heard it, and I'm not, I'm not suggesting that we're getting to the core because I don't think we are. But this is an important one that does show up quite a bit.
Brittney: Are you see
Gwenevere Abriel: This one right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you go to it dad passed away. I watched my mom, go do her this then I watched Haley. And then I tried to be responsible. I picked up where there was no parent taking care of shit, it just right you stepped up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you don't have to tell me what it is but pull up maybe that first awareness that it's all on me something in there, right, that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you became the one
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sure, is it foods cooked that people get themselves to school that, what do you, what do you think that first responsibility started to come into play.
Brittney: Probably
Brittney: The school
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, getting getting to school, keeping house clean
Brittney: Yeah, we do that I was doing a lot of the grocery shopping
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just start from there and we might do this a little, a little differently. We're normally I might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do the eye movement, you might actually talk through it as things come up
Gwenevere Abriel: And not wait till the end of the iteration might make do it a little differently. Let's just see what happens with that because I want to see if I can catch something else that might be going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I want you to do right pull up that maybe it was grocery shopping or maybe the awareness that mom's unavailable. And then I have to step up right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might even be
Gwenevere Abriel: An emotion of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad or I couldn't get it just right and Haley wasn't making it to school and and the cooking wasn't just right or something, as if to say, I, I didn't do it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a tricky little moment. It's like I'm going to take on this developmentally inappropriate role and I'm failing at it, you see it.
Brittney: Yeah, just think about
Brittney: Like smoking weed with my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's a good one, you probably feel like, well, it's similar to I introduced her to pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's. Why don't we use that one. Okay, because we won't. We won't expand out too far because I know there's a whole bunch of sort of branches. But let's do that one because that one. Got you. Did you just feel sad just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or was it something else. Sad. Okay, so we got sad. Let's real quick. Let me just check how distressed your let me hear sort of zero to 100 what number you have to think
Brittney: 40. Okay. Okay. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that one. I think we can work with that you're still using using your whole brain, it's still online the frontal cortex online.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was a how how was Haley at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: 14 or
Brittney: I can you remember when she started
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are maybe about 16 we're thinking
Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe, picture, picture that that piece for a moment and now
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can grab what your belief about yourself at that time was. That's it. These are hard to get to in a way I can help you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of free process.
Brittney: My belief about myself.
Yeah.
Brittney: I don't think I did a lot of introspection, I thought that I was
Brittney: Doing pretty good. I mean, besides always just been super hard on myself.
Brittney: To do good.
Brittney: I
Brittney: Think that I think my dad's death really affected me so much. I didn't think that
Brittney: I wasn't aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, but you did say a lot. I'm not affected by my dad's death.
Brittney: I'm doing
Pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet
Gwenevere Abriel: And at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were stepping up and you were smoking to get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are a couple of pieces right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Brittney: Oh,
Brittney: I thought that
Brittney: Was
Brittney: What I was doing it wasn't like I'm so mad because
Brittney: Whoa, it was
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing pretty good. My dad passed away. I'm doing pretty good. I'm doing pretty good. I'm doing pretty good doing pretty good right Jim pretty good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Where you going to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing the grocery shopping, keeping the house clean. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that closer
Yeah.
Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are years later. Now, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to have been believing about yourself. At that time, I know this is hard to get, get to
Gwenevere Abriel: The ideal will go ridiculously ideal and work our way backwards.
Brittney: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I found that father has passed away, would there be
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm without a father would there be that
Brittney: You okay
Gwenevere Abriel: My dad was not good.
Brittney: What beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. What beliefs, do you have about yourself around that.
Brittney: One have a father to walk me down it goes back to not feeling good of my relationship with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough because you won't have him there at those sort of pivotal life events.
Gwenevere Abriel: And had an air.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. Did I hear you correctly, that I'm angry at him too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, go to something ridiculous. You can even laugh at it and you can make fun of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would the thought be if it was
Gwenevere Abriel: That as this little person, this, this young girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: was aware that her father had passed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was okay with herself. What might she believed in herself at that time. This ideal positive belief would have been the ideal.
Brittney: Strong resilient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Accepted yeah strong resilient accepted. Is that right,
Brittney: Though like I'm affected like
Brittney: But the ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's funny, I was like, I don't think I can write that far down
Brittney: I
Brittney: If the ago or something. I would leave or something. I would want to believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: At least let's at least do what I think I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: This ideal this like all at least say it whenever you're but come on. This is unrealistic. Let me hear that one.
Brittney: That me and my mom and sister were to come out stronger and more
Brittney: You know,
Brittney: Socially acceptable or
Brittney: The ideal would be to have my family like stronger than. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have come together to have
Gwenevere Abriel: greater and stronger, more cohesively over this loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Brittney: Yeah.
Brittney: I am
Brittney: Deeply you
Gwenevere Abriel: Lost my father we connected we are coming together as a family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just touching base a little bit again with those those figures oftentimes it's nice to
Gwenevere Abriel: To have actual people want to get away from this imagery that you already have, which I think beautiful just want to check in again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your, your will, your relationship with your dad. Get him body, a bit of the protective nature than nurturing or the wise.
The wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about
Brittney: Who has always looked up to him, super, super smart.
Brittney: Engineer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would hear him like at the dinner table or in conversations with people. You're like, Oh, wow.
Brittney: College graduate, you know, like a
Brittney: Successful
Brittney: I don't know, to clarify with my mom when he passed away.
Brittney: For years,
Brittney: Stop, stop, or
Gwenevere Abriel: They're together or not it the relationship between your, your dad doesn't change, right, that that static
Brittney: Relationship changed a lot because they were together.
Brittney: Like, like you're putting all your first
Brittney: stopped coming to our games and stuff because it was a drive across town. He was coaching their soccer games just
Brittney: Not taking us on family vacations. He took my two half brothers.
Brittney: To the family reunion in North Dakota me in a we were invited you know like a lot of artists on a painting that's right
Brittney: Which is
Brittney: Because I thought, but later if i would i would really be able to click because of school.
Brittney: I mean, he tried to be loving affection, when we saw him.
Brittney: But at one point he told us.
Brittney: Because my mom and stuff over doing a lot of siding.
Brittney: And stuff barbers kind of been really mean to my sister. A lot of times we think it's because she has money that's biological kid he adopted as a baby. I think she took it on are failing to say much. Just like my mom. Yeah.
Brittney: I mean, when it let her get up for that from the dinner table because she didn't eat her food, since it's been there three hours she should be spending other dads bigger table by herself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so much poor parents out there, isn't there.
Brittney: That's a shame. And so many people should do some really smart people who are the ones
Brittney: Yes, it's kind of, it's kind of us that
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to agree. I think people are gonna have a little you know license of a child.
Brittney: I used to have to pass the fuckin test. I mean, you have to pass a test drive a car. But here, here's the human life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm with you. I'm, I mean, it'd be a hard thing to construct and get approved, but
Brittney: I'm out of your title.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Really complicated and I hope you can see that part of, of what I want to do is really keep this reprocessing very isolated because it doesn't take long for it to right
Brittney: Oh yeah, I just tears. You know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it's okay, it's my job to kind of keep us keep us corral together, that's just fine.
Brittney: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's get back in here for a second. I just wanted to see if there was an actual, real or imagined actual person or maybe an image animal or something that we could do.
Brittney: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit in the father, but it doesn't take long before
Brittney: It goes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost a negative so
Brittney: I don't feel like I could put any people in those categories.
Brittney: I did, I did idolize them for being smart work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's a difference between
Gwenevere Abriel: A wise person.
Brittney: We can have knowledge that we
Brittney: Store and
Gwenevere Abriel: With him about how to use it and apply it. Right, that's that kind of wisdom and he didn't. He didn't use
Brittney: Wisdom of
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess I get a little worried about using that one, but I did try
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check on something though, for some people it's this. So let me just dip in here for a moment.
Brittney: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna have to watch
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, do it too too much. I don't think just just keep in check any kind of people pleasing for just a moment, but it in check.
Brittney: Check in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: With me and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What you
Clean and
Gwenevere Abriel: Grow and develop into your potential, do I want that for you.
Brittney: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm excited. No ambivalence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just ominous. See, see if if when Scott a potential here for a nurturing figure. Let me get over to protective you haven't got to that over here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you born and grew up, you don't get to see me protecting you much from David conversation from the dog or another client, you don't get to feel it too too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: I take that role on a lot because I see it as my role to not have anybody tell someone how to live their life or dominating the conversation in a sort of narcissistic way if it doesn't contribute or maybe maybe the doctor might do something. And so you don't get to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm taking care of everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. But I want you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I just described. Something I just described emotional protection, where I i might catch someone violating your boundary emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't do to physical because I'm not really right there. But that would be someone who would talk and maybe be putting their hand on you while they're talking and say that's way too familiar. I might go in and I might sort of stand in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of create a little bit of space between the two. Or I might teach you how to stand with your arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of put out here with someone who is doing that because you can talk like this. And that puts a whole arm length away from someone who doesn't have good boundaries to be like, Oh my gosh, I was there this weekend. It was a great time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this way, they never get any closer to you than this. So there's that physical boundary thing or taking slowly taking a step back and working your way back
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just described a couple of examples of people that catch where you might have someone crossing a boundary physically or emotionally in your memory D. Can you picture someone that was able to do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I want to do that for you. You're not going to get to see me too many times doing it because you're not in group very often but
Brittney: You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little a little here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a witness of that, then that's good. So, and I'm not, you know, I'm not on the smart level. I have some storage is some information about neuroscience, maybe here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I won't match the the wisdom one, but I think I have a fair shot at nurturing and protective
Wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right. But you might you might also picture. What about in sort of that spiritual realm. I mean, the Buddha or someone else that appearing clean. There's no, like, for some people it's a it's a Jesus Christ image. They're not even Christian, but there's just something about that guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, it's like, Wouldn't that be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe go in that in that space when it comes to wise just meaning they know how to use their knowledge and their experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a useful way. What do you think of
Brittney: I mean like the closest that comes to mind is my friend D droves. If anyone in my life can
Brittney: I think that they're able to do that, it would be
Brittney: But I can't really humanize it because I feel like he runs a blog and like, yeah, I don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: Their untrustworthy, right, we're gonna let you
Brittney: Know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but what in this imagery and we're going to keep we'll keep we'll go in and we just dipped in again and maybe we'll do it again. Maybe we'll start
Gwenevere Abriel: To develop a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how you. I think we're able to tolerate disappointment with just memorize the movie process a little bit of what what happened with my double booking right
Gwenevere Abriel: I let you down. And I think early on in treatment. I said, eventually, at some point it will mean to do it all disappoint you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that and
Brittney: What we do with it is going to be important.
And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Came back again, and you're talking to me again you're risking again even though I'm and I lot
I think it's important
Gwenevere Abriel: People do that with you to you get some
Gwenevere Abriel: Things get to overdo this under do that and we get to still deeply care about you because you're not this indiscretion this misstep this. Whoa, you focused on yourself there. You, you didn't pick this catch that. Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that space to when you gave that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be human. I hope you realize you
Gwenevere Abriel: Create base, maybe for you to do it, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to be flawed to you get to make mistakes. You get to have not known how to do something at 16 because it wasn't your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're learning now what to do. Listen to how few people you had as a resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're being so hard on yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Many people will say, Grandma, mother, father, like that. Right. Not a lot of people in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people are a lot like what, you're right, they're going, huh, yeah, pretty much everybody sucks but
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know those normal people, the ones that don't have this complex trauma stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're able to, they had the good enough parenting, you know, they at least 30% of the time they got it together. So what you're going through doesn't surprise me but
Gwenevere Abriel: But have some compassion for the fact that you're expecting yourself to know things that you were never taught and never modeled in a reliable, consistent way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean you caught me
Gwenevere Abriel: Of it, and that has has fed you, thank goodness.
Been surviving comes
Gwenevere Abriel: To play with the idea and you can reject it right away, but for a while until we start to cultivate really sort of trusting healthy relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: The therapeutic relationship for some people is where we start, we get to play out being angry at me being disappointed in me. How will go into your handle it well she rejects you well she criticizes you
Gwenevere Abriel: push you away happen. It happens in here. You can work that out in here safely because I'm my I know my intentions are to I want to, I want to hold on and sometimes I've had to hold your anger and your rotation and impatience, I've
Gwenevere Abriel: Held after
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a lot. My arms stretched really wide, I can hold a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: For a while, play with and see if you like it when there's invitations to explore some imagery
Around
Brittney: Protective. See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember how you caught that little bit in group or maybe I did someone in
Gwenevere Abriel: She picked up on it that person.
didn't even have
Gwenevere Abriel: That was clean.
Brittney: Want
Brittney: Your audio is cutting up
Brittney: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're back.
Brittney: Yeah, sorry, would you say was like two sentences.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think the idea is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a combination, because I want a real human in there. And while there's a little you can experiment with me and then you can let me go. As soon as you find someone else but just play with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experiencing meeting with a real human and that will be me for a little while. I don't want to create a dependency, because that's that's counterproductive for a little while when there ain't nobody else. I think we need to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I trust myself. So I know you can you can rely on me for this so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just when we do this imagery next time just play with Glenn, I can picture this, the quality and then I'll say, okay, and then bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: bringing this to your of maybe interacting, how would how would when as a protective person being in the mountains. Now, and with the water and the sunshine and kind of picture of what we
Would be doing quality, what would be going on. You see,
Brittney: The interaction of a person, and I guess it'll be me for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it starts to morph into something else that's fine too. Okay.
Brittney: All right.
Brittney: I didn't quite get to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You any of the bilateral stimulation, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about what you noticed today asked you to to dip in right to some of those feelings and
Brittney: Your fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: sharpened up a little bit of the imagery
Important for you today.
Brittney: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice it's important that happened to you.
Brittney: My biggest means is just
Brittney: I guess I have like I close myself off a bit
Brittney: Of know surely like I guess to other people really
Brittney: Like it is self sabotage. Should we
Brittney: Still so like
Brittney: That's a bit more clear. I haven't
Brittney: Figured out how to do it for myself. It's really hard for me to let anybody else take their criticism you
Brittney: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're so busy criticizing yourself one more dose of it might just push you over the edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, I know. And in here, Brittany, you get to say that that's what's different. You get to say I already have this running dialogue of this and this and this is what's wrong with me. I don't know that I can tolerate even feedback from you right now. I can, I can hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling for you to say that out loud. Why then, I know. And just what we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Read on how intense that negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Dialogue is going on inside.
Brittney: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Own day was interpersonal your healing.
Might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of what the same nice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rolled with stuff we were doing you hung in there for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did.
Brittney: And I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think if we had had time to do this other piece. I think he would have done it. I think we're but I really want you safe. First, so I keep wanting to build the resourcing before we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much into too much reprocessing I've watched. It's just so much more successful if we can really keep building the resourcing and then we interweave those so it does come from a protective place actually wanting to be ready.
Brittney: And prepared. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's schedule another appointment.
Brittney: You don't normally do. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have been doing it now for like three, three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, three and then two and then no and then what but yes I have.
Gwenevere Abriel: As my kids get older, I been carving out some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you want to do it again on the 29th, if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have any kid things going on.
Brittney: Yeah, that works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like this whole next week is is booked at AT THAT YOU SAID THURSDAY. I think you put your head down. It was Thursday. You wanted like I
Brittney: Have to be in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. I have someone in there right now. But I'll tell you what, if something happens without appointment. I'll reach out to you right away. Do you want to do a like let's hold Saturday. And then if that Thursday opens up you can you get first dibs on that one.
Brittney: That's, yeah that's that's
Brittney: Great right be better to do it on Saturday force me to get out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you know also affecting your sleep too because it's like, Oh my gosh, I have to get up for this woman tomorrow. I can't stay up till two in the morning, you don't. I mean, then
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a chain reaction of I got to take care of this stuff. Now I gotta get myself to bed. Maybe that for some people, that's that is helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So 830
Brittney: On Saturday. Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. And a little bit with the imagery pulling me into it and see how it feels. And I want to hear about it. Oh, it was weird or, oh, I
Brittney: Like to go like a bird even they're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes you hear my voice or something like when saying this, or whatever. So it's kind of already organic
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Oh good, then that might be a good fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we've got a plan. Oh, shoot. Oh, she was, had she had an appointment. Anyway, let me let me hear from her. She says she has an intake your time at nine, which means she's going to be done at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: So ideally it would be a script for the month I'll ask Kate. You tell me. I'll ask do you need me with her in order to write that for her to look for another provider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do you want to go with. I can afford and budget once a month and see if she's amenable I do have people doing that, where they're only meeting once a month.
Brittney: Yeah, I might. I might be able to. It would be better if I could do it after my sporadic
Brittney: But
Brittney: If I need to see as we go. I'll figure now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me
Brittney: I obviously don't want to run out of my mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, like I gotta keep track of things here next Friday is to 28
Brittney: Ideal is
Gwenevere Abriel: Three you know 231 ideal is meeting to 31 at one o'clock right
Brittney: Yeah, that's Monday. Right.
Brittney: For the Monday session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she gets paid on Friday to 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so let me see. She likes that. So it's like get there and then maybe that month can happen, that kind of thing. Let's see what she says.
Brittney: Awesome, thank
Gwenevere Abriel: You good to
Brittney: Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: BIANCA you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You there.
Gwenevere Abriel: BIANCA
Bianca Garcia: Hello.
Bianca Garcia: Hi. How are you, I thought I wouldn't hear you. When you came on, because I'm on my iPhone but I guess not. But I was I was here at 939 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Do you run time I saw it was it was me. Sometimes we humans, we don't wrap up, just like that, you know,
Bianca Garcia: No, no worries. Just wanted to let you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on time. I saw you. They have this little this little waiting room so I can see who's coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just needed to kind of wrap up a couple things. Okay. This is excellent. So Bianca, if you can, unless you're holding your 11 month old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just put me somewhere static for a little bit like on a shell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to open up a note and we'll get started. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Second, let me get this situated slowly.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: For today, it's okay for today. But in the future you you would want to be looking at me more like an icon, that kind of thing, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Bianca Garcia: Why I just usually hold my phone on me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about it later. Let's just get to it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It just makes me nauseous. I look at people all day wiggling around so it makes me nauseous. Um, so just a little introduction. So at least you know who I am. You already heard, I'm in Florida. I've been practicing for over 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Years. I'm licensed
Gwenevere Abriel: Marriage and Family Therapist have my license in New Mexico, about two and a half years old and
What
Gwenevere Abriel: largely focused on addiction. Not sure what the entry was, but I worked at felony drug court for 14 years as an AP private practitioner worked in residential and outpatient settings with substance use this really been intrigued by it. I just like work with you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I mean it was everywhere, even when I was working with families or with couples, it seems like if it wasn't right here in the family unit. It was like right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just like, well, let me understand it more. Let me work with it more. So it's been a population. I love working with, um, I think I mentioned on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Zoom that I use the phone and saw I like it for for scheduling appointments or if Oh my gosh, I'm running five minutes late, or you might, you might say to me, I'm here in in virtual clinic. I'm stuck here they're taking forever. You can send me a little, little
Gwenevere Abriel: Bit back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh yeah, it's kind of helpful but there won't be any psychotherapy through texting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like if you have a big fire or like, ah, then I'll just say, Hey, can we meet together and talk there.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, okay. And I was going to do that too. And then I saw you text me and I said, Okay, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that worked. Um, alright, so let's dive right in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the primary the front end of this is going to be. It'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: The progression of your opioid use. I'm going to hear about other substance use and then will dip into family history and we'll set some goals. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so this, this is really for my review.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is part of an accreditation standard that we get this done. We don't need the full long story go in more depth when we're meeting in individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just sort of following along my questions. All right. Actually it's being transcribed. So some of it will write some of it, you'll hear me say weird things like please transcribe verbatim or Clinton nice lifetimes history of something and then because it's being transcribed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you came in here. I think I overheard something, how you came in already using buprenorphine. Was it from another program off the streets kind of walk me through that.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I was on another program. Well, I live in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and I was in a program there for four years and then I just moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Bianca Garcia: A year and a half ago, and I had to find another doctor up here because it was kind of hard going back and forth. Um, so yeah, that's where we were at
Bianca Garcia: This doctor that I was with just recently um I didn't feel like I was getting
Bianca Garcia: The care. I needed. So I, I, I felt like I was getting like patient profiles and I was not getting counseling or therapy was just like goes to the doctor, get a prescription leave
Bianca Garcia: So I was like, I need to find some results. So we had an agreement where I would just see her every 10 days until I would find a new provider and then this is where I found you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let me just go through this a little bit. I have Santa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Santa Fe and pay for four years. Um, so that is these last four years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: You will receiving basically
Medication
Bianca Garcia: Your, your thing with a little cutting out you recited
Gwenevere Abriel: You received medicated assisted therapy, but no counseling. Correct.
Bianca Garcia: Here. Yes. Now, correct. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, just please transcribe that she was receiving ma T services, but no therapeutic services. Okay, so now let's go through. Let's go through some industry just thinking about the opioid use
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you first use it like 13 wisdom tooth pulled and kind of walking through a few of the large sort of progressions.
Bianca Garcia: Um, no. I was, I was like in possibly my 20s and
Bianca Garcia: That's when it started like going around where everybody was like doing it, I guess, and
Bianca Garcia: Then it
Gwenevere Abriel: Going what
Bianca Garcia: Oh, the prescription pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how are they doing it.
Bianca Garcia: It was, it was like people weren't hearing of it. And then, and then they're like, what, what there. And then I don't know like the friends, we'd hang out with, they were doing. They were doing the pills and then I tried it. So it was just like the
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Bianca Garcia: Or early and that's when I had tried it and then
Bianca Garcia: And then I, I mean, it takes so quickly. Few a month or two, and you're right away, like you know needed you're dependent on it. So it was a Best thing process. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at its worst, let's see. So you've got a month later, right, then you have on it first recreationally when you first did it in your 20s. How did it make you feel
Bianca Garcia: I'm
Bianca Garcia: Like, I guess, really good. Like, it gives you like and then the thing I liked is that
Bianca Garcia: Like I would be so high that nobody noticed LIKE I MY EYES. Want to be red. I wouldn't smell. I wouldn't act weird, you know, like drunk people be all drunk and be weird if I was normal, but inside. I felt like this really good. Hi, I guess. And that's what I like the most about it. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one could tell. Yeah, this high, and no one could tell. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right always calling you out on it. Alright, so at its worst, let's just take that that time of your life. How what how many oxy were you taking a practice as if I can enter whatever it was, how much was sort of that the worst the highest amount you're taking in any given time.
Bianca Garcia: And it was like 100 milligrams, or more of
Bianca Garcia: Like 10 a day. So it was like, you know, it could be 10 milligrams or 30 milligrams. So yeah, over 100 milligrams a day.
Bianca Garcia: Of what about oxy cotton oxycodone, or whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you didn't. You didn't care. Just as long as it was an opiate you're happy.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And was there ever a time that you started to snort smoke the pill, change the ingestion of it.
Bianca Garcia: No, it was orally, the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting pressured or anything.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right and and did it progress to experimenting or long term use of heroin.
Bianca Garcia: No, I never did heroin never injected hair when no I always
Bianca Garcia: I would overpay for the prescription pills. I didn't care. Most people would stop paying so much and go to the cheaper version. No, I would pay, I would get those, that's all I wanted was that I did not want the heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Planet tonight's live 10 years of heroin, um, any accidental or intentional use of fentanyl
Bianca Garcia: I believe one yes they did sell me like these 30s out we're supposed to be like the real thing, but they weren't. They were the fake fentanyl pills, which people weren't aware of yet. Then, and yeah, I didn't even know
Gwenevere Abriel: Frankie's I've heard some column faking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what year was that so client inadvertently did take an opiate, believing it to be an Aussie WITH FENTANYL in it one time and when was that
Bianca Garcia: Um, it was around then. Like when I was in Santa Fe, before I had started the program. So I was eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Years ago.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So approximately four years ago and no no intentional or accidental use after
Bianca Garcia: That no no after I was aware of, like, what they were. I didn't and and they were a lot stronger, too. I like I noticed that. And I didn't really like that, that those things were a lot more dangerous. It was a little scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they are
Gwenevere Abriel: In your history, any intentional overdose my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: No nice lifetime intentional overdose and any accidental overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: No denies lifetime accidental overdose. Okay, I'll be leading into treatment right at the end of the substance use history. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go to age is going to sound like this with all the substances age of first use
Gwenevere Abriel: Of let's say whatever it is you know it's going to be cigarettes. First, whatever the progression was
Gwenevere Abriel: And then kind of what your recent US
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to tell someone you're
Bianca Garcia: Waiting. Yes. Sorry. Yes, I just had to, they were being loud. Is it close my door. I mean, the meeting these I live with too many people have four kids, their dad so
Bianca Garcia: They can
Gwenevere Abriel: See this tobacco.
Bianca Garcia: My first use of tobacco.
Bianca Garcia: It was why I've been smoking for a while, but I have cut down a lot now so
Bianca Garcia: It like in my 20s, as well, probably mid 20s or early 30s. 20s. Sorry, around there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a recent cut down
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's smoking these days now.
Bianca Garcia: I, I do like one cigarette a day and then
Bianca Garcia: I try not to do more sometimes. It'd be like to, but I don't smoke as much like I used to smoke like five cigarettes a day or like 10 secrets today. Now I
Bianca Garcia: I don't smoke that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. At first use of THC marijuana read
Bianca Garcia: Oh, probably in high school.
Bianca Garcia: Age.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're talking 15
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, like 1516
Gwenevere Abriel: Progression. So did it become a bowl, a day of all a weekend joint. Talk to me.
Bianca Garcia: I smoked for a while.
Bianca Garcia: When I was young, like 15 1617 I didn't smoke for that long ago.
Bianca Garcia: I stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm asking about the amount one joint every weekend or I was more like one joint every month and trying to get a sense of amount right now.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, like I guess the joy or Bowl weekend.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Are we remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so about a joint on a weekend. It was mostly in the environment of partying. Are we smoking alone.
Bianca Garcia: Yes porting
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't ever progress to something higher frequency and amount
Bianca Garcia: Of know cuz I quit right after it really stay smoking so long, did you quit.
Bianca Garcia: A
Bianca Garcia: Properly like after 18 1920 maybe around there. Okay, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So last year was one of any THC any
Bianca Garcia: Oh, years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your 20s last use age in her 20s.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've lost use in her 20s. Okay, excellent doing great. I know this is hard. It's, it's so choppy, it won't be like that when we're really meeting for individual therapy.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got to go get the THC and is your first use the progression and last use of alcohol agent first use of alcohol.
Bianca Garcia: I'm probably same age 1617
Bianca Garcia: Oh, it didn't progress. It was just like a social thing like partying or writing now and then I stopped in like when I was like 2020 some I drinking, was there ever my thing. So it was more like the social thing I didn't do it daily or anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you ever have a blackout or pass out.
Bianca Garcia: Oh yes definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times in your life have you had a pass out or blackout.
Bianca Garcia: Of
Bianca Garcia: Maybe like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Live and just I want to see out some follow up question. Was there ever a time in in that period where
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to have an eye opener, which means drinking in the morning. As soon as you wake up you kind of needed it.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any whatever they ever say to you. Oh girl, you need to cut back. You got irritated by them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know. And did you ever try to cut back and you couldn't you tried to stop drinking and you couldn't
Bianca Garcia: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your last drink was when
Bianca Garcia: 20 or
Bianca Garcia: In my early 20s.
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't had any alcohol since your 20s.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies any alcohol sense for 20th. All right, here we go. Next one. How about let's go to history of
Gwenevere Abriel: powder cocaine first use progression last use
Bianca Garcia: I tried it one time and I think it was like my friend, or where we were drinking
Bianca Garcia: A drive
Gwenevere Abriel: 22 got it one time use age 22
Did you like it.
Bianca Garcia: No, I do not like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And client did not like it one time usage 22 and first use of crack cocaine any no
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies lifetime use of crack cocaine, and meth.
Bianca Garcia: No, I never tried it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I select I'm used to crack and math. What about the
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, people can it be used methylphenidate it's it's Adderall or Ritalin five and they can abuse the ADHD medication you ever party with it or you
Bianca Garcia: Know,
Bianca Garcia: Really like popular here. No, I
Bianca Garcia: Never. I've never used that
Gwenevere Abriel: I HOLD ON TONIGHT'S lifetime use
Gwenevere Abriel: Of crack cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Crystal meth and ADHD ADHD medications methylphenidate right and let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Try mushrooms.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, once you
Gwenevere Abriel: 1818 tried mushrooms once did you like it.
Bianca Garcia: I know I didn't take enough to hallucinate but it made me feel weird. And I didn't really care for it after I was kind of scared of the whole hallucinating thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. You were scared PCP acid use
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, nice lifetime. You said acid PCP any huffing us aerosols whippets anything like that.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice lifetime use of
Gwenevere Abriel: aerosols, with its huffing, what about spice.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I've tried spice.
Old, are you
Bianca Garcia: I'm 20
Bianca Garcia: I didn't do it that long. It was just to try it was a
Gwenevere Abriel: One time use or 10 time use
Bianca Garcia: Definitely less than 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. Trying to about 10 times us about 10 times got it is about 10 times. Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going off of memory so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes I forget. Oh, let's do some of the depressants, let's go over to if you don't know this word than I already have my answer any bar bit your wits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Second off, and denies lifetime use of barbiturates benzodiazepine that's Xanax clonazepam Alcatraz Alam
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I don't need those.
First use
Bianca Garcia: When I was diagnosed with anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that he got to give me an edge.
Bianca Garcia: Of your age. Okay. Sorry. Um, it was it was it was recently. Now, like in my late 20s, I was diagnosed with a chronic panic anxiety disorder and I'm and I'm on benzodiazepines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know in another section. Are you being seen by side kiah trust.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I have not seen her in like a month and a half. It's been, like, one out of a month. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll get to it. Hold on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So just to review guys lifetime use of barbiturates first time you so so day as a peon is in her 20s. She was diagnosed with chronic anxiety disorder and
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the dose that you're currently prescribed
Bianca Garcia: I'm on Lorazepam. And I believe it's a 0.5
Gwenevere Abriel: Half a milligram as needed. Once a day at bedtime. When
Bianca Garcia: They are just
Bianca Garcia: Yeah well as needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already um
Bianca Garcia: I those other ones. You said those, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What can we will talk about it later. It's just gonna mail. This takes so much time are already at the at the top of this hour only have a half hour lots to you. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I forget something
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't seem like I covered all the scope of substance use that you've played with
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. So now let's go into treatment history so treatment as sometimes it's court ordered. Sometimes it's
Gwenevere Abriel: A residential setting, aka repaired rehab and we stay there overnight 30 days 60 days 90 days. We also have outpatient, it can be an
Gwenevere Abriel: Outpatient we sleep in our own bed. We're going to this program, three hours a day, a few days a week and it's out where you might see this person once a week or once a month. Have you ever been in residential rehab.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You should because we were talking in group and I thought I heard something.
Bianca Garcia: No, that was our patient
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient okay when was that
Bianca Garcia: For years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, is that the Santa Fe place.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Bianca Garcia: It was a call PMS.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds familiar sounds like people have been there. Okay, so denies residential treatment and you were, how often are you going to
Gwenevere Abriel: The PMS program, how often
Bianca Garcia: Oh, it was a once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many months.
Bianca Garcia: How many months in total.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many months or years
Bianca Garcia: Four years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you okay got it once a week for four years and you consistently went once a week.
Bianca Garcia: Oh yeah, as much as I could. Yeah, so there was times I didn't go but it changed after a while, like so many
Bianca Garcia: After so many times you go, they start giving you like twice, once every two weeks and then once every month. It just depends. So I just started off like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just for my reading or you're doing great. I know this is the hard part. Assess me john. Great. Did you attend a or na. And currently, do you have a sponsor.
Bianca Garcia: Or no, and it was more like a counseling, not any or
Bianca Garcia: There. I don't know if that's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's let me shift gears here client denies utilized utilizing a or na and denies the sponsor.
Bianca Garcia: Indoors counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: at Santa Fe's P and s. So, you are receiving talk therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: In addition to getting the medication from a doctor, you were sitting with someone weekly and talking about your substance use, anxiety, depression, all that
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, their group meetings.
Group.
Gwenevere Abriel: He received please describe client during those four years at Santa Fe PMS did receive group therapeutic services fantastic and
Gwenevere Abriel: Later on, were there any hospital admissions associated with your substance use history.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did it. We made it through that section crew. Let's keep going. You're doing awesome. I know it's intense. The next one is a section on sort of the psyche. That's that anxiety. You mentioned. So we're going to be kind of getting a little bit into that what you've been
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been diagnosed with anxiety symptoms any
Bianca Garcia: Entity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention Deficit I pulled her depression dissociative eating disorder impulse control learning disorder. Any obsessive compulsive related disorders, any of that.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any schizophrenia on your mother's side of the family history or your father's side of the history
Gwenevere Abriel: Know anyone on either side of that family attempt or follow through with a suicide on either side of your family paternal maternal
Bianca Garcia: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No psychiatric illness on either side.
Bianca Garcia: No, not that I'm aware ago. Got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and lifetime when you were younger. Did you ever have suicidal thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never know. Okay, so client denies so that it that it includes currently or recently right
Bianca Garcia: Everly ever. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on client denies lifetime of suicidal thoughts intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Period about homicidal ever want to kill anyone in planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: No client is denies lifetime homicidal ideation plan intent or action.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about self injury. Sometimes people will intentionally burn their own skin. Most recently, I've been hearing a lot about people intentionally under distress tattooing a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they'll cut themselves in order to self injure to relieve psychiatric distress you ever engaged in that or skin picking any of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know tonight lifetime history of self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside from the Lorazepam. Are you on any other psychiatric antidepressants mood stabilizers any psychiatric medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, I'll grab what we set up here about the browser, Pam and I'll just copy and paste it down here. Oh, could you say your current doctor's name, the one that's prescribing this I understand there's a maybe a transition happening, but who's prescribing it
Bianca Garcia: From the not you guys from the other. Dr. Amy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is prescribing the lorazepam
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I'm sorry.
Bianca Garcia: I don't even really know her name. I have the prescription ball right there. Do you want me to see ya. Okay, one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you baby there. I can wait to the end.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, okay.
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to
Bianca Garcia: Try to make it easy. Okay. Well, I already got it so right.
Bianca Garcia: Now,
Bianca Garcia: Let me see.
Bianca Garcia: Oh no, that's not it. Okay, I don't know, I guess. I thought that was it. But it's not it. Okay, I guess I'm gonna have to do it after. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we do, we do need to know the psychiatry, so I'll probably be asking that we get a release of information do you think you're going to be continuing just provider.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I was gonna ask you guys if you do that, if not, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think he's going to, I'm not a physician, but I've been listening and they don't tend to want to do the the
Gwenevere Abriel: The benzodiazepines, but you can ask, but just prepare yourself. The answer might be no.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, no, then I would probably just stay with her. I've been with her for a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: I could give you your place. The name of the place for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, go for it.
Bianca Garcia: It's a universal counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Counseling and then it's a female. It's all low just or a psychiatrist.
Bianca Garcia: Psychiatry
Bianca Garcia: And you'll just later. Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go to the next section. Let's go to family history where you adopted.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: These questions are going to sound the same but for different people. Is your mother living or deceased.
Bianca Garcia: Living
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have psychiatric or substance use history.
Gwenevere Abriel: No Alcohol abuse.
Bianca Garcia: Learning desert. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No personality disorder, no snow side attempts of substance use. Okay, I'll just put no psychiatric any medical illness that you're aware not aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. All right, this one's takes a little longer. I'm going to share my screen with you. This is quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of relationships. Most people say good they say bad, but I need more words than that. So this is a list of
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically kind of negative ones just see if any of them are true for the quality of relationship with your mother abusive avoidant boring chaotic controlling any of those words in here.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm faithful unhealthy unhappy and satisfying finishing neglectful inconsistent any of that.
Bianca Garcia: No, it's
Over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, this one, adequate close consistent
Bianca Garcia: I'm loving
Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Stable supportive
Bianca Garcia: Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. All right, let's go to father is he living or deceased.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's living any psychiatric or substance use history.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: medical illness.
Bianca Garcia: I have no idea. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that because, uh, you don't have a lot of contact with them.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when did that contact
Do you know
Bianca Garcia: What
Bianca Garcia: Well, I talked to him, but I never physically met him. Um, so I don't. I've never met him. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha. So is it safe to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know when you're separated
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, be probably before. Well, before I was born, I believe, or when I was like really young one year old one or the other. I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: parents separated when child was infant can do when their stories are told to you know if the quality of the relationship was abusive chaotic controlling exploitive parasitic punishing traumatic. Do you know
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't hear any stories like that. Do you know why.
Bianca Garcia: They were just young. They were both like 1718 and he wasn't even from here.
Bianca Garcia: He just went back to wherever you came from.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another country.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, he lives in Mexico.
Oh, your baby so
Bianca Garcia: I know she is a handful. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I know this sounds
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, she she does make some cute zones.
Bianca Garcia: You should hear her laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really oh
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Just gotta get it all. That's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a step parent, a big part of your life. Should I be including a stepparent in this
Bianca Garcia: And when I was young. They divorced when I was like maybe 14 and then I moved. It's always been my mother so
Bianca Garcia: Close the door me
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was their relationship like
Bianca Garcia: It was good. I we had an incident. Me and him where that's kind of where they didn't end up good like
Bianca Garcia: We never really got along and then like one time, I think I like talk back and I was young and he got mad and he like hit me really hard and my mom was mad and and that's never happened though he was never liked that he never did that. Take it was just that one time and so yeah
Bianca Garcia: It wasn't like, like, like where he marked me or anything, but he did like smack me really hard and kind of caused like an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of relationship between the two. They were close and good. There were loving
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did they separate why they divorce. Was it because of that incident.
Bianca Garcia: I think so. I mean, after that, that's when they wasn't well and then a two, he would like
Bianca Garcia: Started like drinking every weekend and that was not good thing for their relationship. But other than that, they were fine. They were good. And then I think it just like what I don't know. I really can't tell you, but I think, you know, from there, I was young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Um, how many
Bianca Garcia: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine has three siblings. Where do you fall in the birth order.
Bianca Garcia: I'm the oldest
Gwenevere Abriel: The oldest of three is this. Give me, brother, sister, kind of thing. How does that like down
Bianca Garcia: Yeah so. Well, it was just me and my sister when we were young and then my brother was born like 13 years later, as I was 13 years and now he's 19 and then 19 years later, I have a 13 year old now.
Bianca Garcia: It's a big gap between me and them,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have man sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have three siblings.
Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I got it now and then you have a say the last one was born. How long ago.
Bianca Garcia: He's 13 so me and him are 19 years apart.
Years ago. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. With the client just stated and
Gwenevere Abriel: Boo, boo, boo, boo. Now those siblings any remember the quality of those words that we were looking at before. Are you close to any of them. Are any of them struggling with substance use themselves or any of them struggling with a psychiatric condition.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you're not close to any of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Nope.
All of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your close to all of them client denies any psychiatric our substance use history, you say,
Bianca Garcia: I'm close to my siblings. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I'm like, kind of like a second mother to my little brother, you know, he's comes and stays over and stuff so
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been married
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Father of your for children. Is it the same father
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Are you with him.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many years have you been with them.
Bianca Garcia: 13 years
Bianca Garcia: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may at times call of your husband just cuz might be kind of how it feels. At times,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of common law, kind of thing. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 years. All right, and thinking about, well, I don't know if this is this section we just see
Gwenevere Abriel: Space spouse. Yes. Okay. So take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: These words here thinking about your common law, spouse, I'll be calling him husband for now adequate close consistent fulfilling any of those words.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Functional intimate loving reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So is it all these Paul yeah you
Bianca Garcia: Know, much more
Bianca Garcia: Reliable
Gwenevere Abriel: Ones any abusive avoid boring any controlling behavior. Any neglectful punishing behavior.
Bianca Garcia: He could be boring at times just
Gwenevere Abriel: You're funny. Um, any so you said no to punish any traumatic unfaithful unhappy those words.
No.
Bianca Garcia: Fine, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's push down here, go into
Gwenevere Abriel: This other section. You're doing great. We've got 15 minutes. You've got to solve all the world's problems 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wow, man. You got it. I have to. So you see why I talk so fast, right. It's insane. How fast. Okay, places where you were born. Where were you born
Bianca Garcia: It's been yellow, New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Board in Espanol and New Mexico, please transcribe pregnancy when your mother described your pregnancy was it normal for such a long premature prolonged delivery. Do you know any stories.
Bianca Garcia: I think it was the section with me right
Bianca Garcia: Yeah. Yes. C section. I was a, what is it birch or breach or whatever.
breech birth C section please transcribe C section. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already and your milestones. Did you crawl in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk on time talk on time.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I believe so.
Gwenevere Abriel: We already know the first order, you are, you're the eldest
Yes.
He
Gwenevere Abriel: Temporary temperament. When you were a tiny tot were you anxious easy cranky.
Bianca Garcia: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay cuddly.
Gwenevere Abriel: extrovert fussy. How does your mom describe when you as a baby.
Bianca Garcia: When she said I was good.
Bianca Garcia: But I'm sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You happy. Will you overactive sad shy with strong
Bianca Garcia: I don't think so. No, I think. I mean, I'm sure. But I don't know why she said I was fine. I was a good baby. She said, I mean, I've never heard anything about not learning and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put easy happy because it sounds like it wasn't. I'll just put that and it seems like that.
Yeah.
I also had fears.
Bianca Garcia: Um, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any night terrors nightmares fear of being alone.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No separation anxiety didn't want to go to school.
Bianca Garcia: No, no, I don't think any of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to think about school age now was it normal outstanding disliked school disorganized dyslexia hyperactive are in attention.
Bianca Garcia: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: At it. No reading problems math problems social problems talk excessively stuttering speech sound problems, none of that.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when you think of friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: During that time period, many friends close friends, few friends are teased by friends.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I had a lot of friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you ever grounded hit with a belt or hit with a fist, any of those three
Bianca Garcia: Nope, not by my mother. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: by anyone.
Bianca Garcia: Well, just that one time from the stepfather.
Bianca Garcia: He hit
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I was.
Oops.
Your changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, got it. Okay. Um, so most of the disciplining was what, how are you disciplined.
Bianca Garcia: I'm just taking my privileges away like my phone or
Bianca Garcia: The House phone was maybe like the house phone
Bianca Garcia: And that's, yeah. I don't really remember her doing much she was never the discipline and really tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was never just please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh right, let's go down to
Gwenevere Abriel: The New Black history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been physically or sexually assaulted from anyone in your lifetime.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so denies lifetime physical
Gwenevere Abriel: Survivor history as well as an molestation, you were touched in appropriately as a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: No nice all station and being a survivor of an assault denies lifetime history. And what about neglect. Sometimes people are
Gwenevere Abriel: Left alone to cook based take care of their siblings and it's really considered neglect, do you think that happened to you.
Bianca Garcia: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We ever bullied at school.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm now thinking about behaviors, while in school. Do you ever send any fires binge eat and then purge
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will to animals run away, steal,
Bianca Garcia: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We went from school, you didn't skip
Skip, skip
Bianca Garcia: skip school
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah truant from school.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I probably ditch in high school, but younger than that. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So high school any weapons brought to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, and how far did you get, do you have a diploma or GED some college. What do you wear. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: GB College, Ed.
Gwenevere Abriel: When. How old were you when you got your GED.
Bianca Garcia: I'm
Bianca Garcia: Sure. Um, it was maybe in my 20s early 20s.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me about college some credits, what you do.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I'm one semester away from getting my a
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the I remember, I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes semester. How exciting.
Away from a right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it caused it tells you what do you call
Bianca Garcia: I know film production.
Gwenevere Abriel: Film production okay and save and anybody who do. Are you currently employed, probably not.
gonna lie.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: stay at home mom and dad do you consider your financial status stable or unstable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Table sexual history do you identify as bisexual lesbian or heterosexual
Bianca Garcia: Heterosexual, that means, right, right.
Bianca Garcia: It does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice rape.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sexual assault you denied that earlier was still still true. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, relationships, prior to your sweetheart. Now, prior to this 13 year relationship, were any of those histories, back when you were young, or any of them abusive or any of them neglectful exploitive
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I had one abusive relationship. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Current relationship. You've already told me is close and loving
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Living Arrangements who else in the house, including pets got four children.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, we have a dog and a cat.
Bianca Garcia: Okay. Yes, I know.
Bianca Garcia: They can cat is a lot more independent. So I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hobbies. What are your hobbies.
Bianca Garcia: Uh, well i i like makeup, uh, uh, I don't know. I guess that's a yeah I don't really know.
Bianca Garcia: I don't really have
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever been arrested.
Yes.
Bianca Garcia: Several
Gwenevere Abriel: More than
Gwenevere Abriel: 20
Bianca Garcia: Know like 10 probably, I don't. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're for what
Bianca Garcia: A traffic tickets or warring some there has been some incidents where one was a were a DUI another
Bianca Garcia: A 2009 I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you do a deferred prosecution Drug Court program.
Bianca Garcia: I know I don't think so. Not that I remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't asked to do classes and on probation for a year you nothing like that.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Bianca Garcia: No, I don't know, I don't think so know
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you have to do for the DUI.
Bianca Garcia: I don't remember. To be honest, but I do not remember classes or anything like that. I'm not, I'm not quite sure what I did. I'm sure I get something, but I don't think it was classes so
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any open cases you're not on pre trial release probation. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eyes open cases at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No trafficking charges no distribution or assault charges. No please transcribe not endorsing those specific charges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, oh boy. All right, here we go. Yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, when you think about why you're here. When you think about why you're in this program member how, you know, we're talking about individual counseling, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do psychotherapy. I don't tell you how to live your life. I'm not a counselor, giving you advice on what to do. We're going to do whatever it is that you work on if there's something
Gwenevere Abriel: That you've noticed keeps getting in the way. Like these cravings keep popping up within focus there for a lot of people. It's around
Gwenevere Abriel: developmental trauma that they've experienced when you think about your goal around first will do the substance use, like what's your goal around substance use.
Bianca Garcia: I'm not the medication right yes like brought me. Oh, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Bianca Garcia: Okay, well, I
Bianca Garcia: Well I, I plan on getting off one day okay like
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 years from now, next year. What are you thinking
Bianca Garcia: Ah,
Bianca Garcia: No, not next. Well, I don't know anything can happen anytime. But yeah, it for several years, I guess, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. I don't. I just wanted to touch on that just so lightly. Don't worry, your goal.
Bianca Garcia: The big
Gwenevere Abriel: One that's sort of going to steer us while we're working together is I plan on getting off this. I'm assuming you mean the
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you're on some you tax or
Bianca Garcia: So, so be taxes buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I'm saying Suboxone okay I'll put some checks you text and you've tried Suboxone it did upset your stomach or something.
Bianca Garcia: I yes I've tried Suboxone and my tongue swell up
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Oh.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well shift gears. This is the one that has to do with all that other stuff my anxiety, you know, kind of around when that comes up is it in social
Gwenevere Abriel: Settings. Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Whenever I think about something that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just kind of touching base on the mental health peace something really personal for you. You think this is
Bianca Garcia: Cool. For me, what would you say it all.
Around
Gwenevere Abriel: Mental health
Bianca Garcia: Just get therapy for it. They say that's the best help and right now I'm on the waiting list at Universal counseling right now. It's just a the pain or the
Bianca Garcia: Prescription management that's called
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get, let's get some clarification. So just now. I told you that I'm a therapist, you're going to be seeing me weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So tell me, tell me what you'd be getting from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who there can't be to
Bianca Garcia: To therapists tree in time. So, oh,
Bianca Garcia: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're all getting it.
Bianca Garcia: Oh yeah, yeah, actually. Yeah, you're right. I don't know how I set it up. But yeah, definitely work with you and see how that goes for unit. Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so it's not just getting the therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you want to get from it. What's your goal to get some therapy. Do you think
Bianca Garcia: Well, learn how to cope
Bianca Garcia: Or manage you know thoughts or feelings or how to just live life without first group options. I guess normal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna say it back to you and see if you like this is going to, we're going to be revisiting this goal month when we review.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you're doing so it'll sound like this and we can kind of refine it a little bit. Your goal is to learn to cope and manage feelings and live without prescriptions.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah you're right on it.
Wow. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. That's you got you got a great person here. That's what I do all day long.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes right away, will be developing we won't do psychotherapy right away what we'll be doing is really getting some emotional regulation skills right in your toolbox immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll start to recognize them and group, these people are doing what they're feeling better. They're using them. We just have to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll, we'll continue to develop some trust and rapport and then we'll get into sort of kind of where this all came from and we'll get into that together. Okay. Um, let's schedule another session.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, one more question. One more. But remember,
Gwenevere Abriel: Self esteem. From zero to 1010 being I'm the bomb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depth zero. I'm a loser kind of where do you fall in
Bianca Garcia: love us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assess your, your self image.
Bianca Garcia: I, I guess I why I'm I my self esteem is good. I say, eight, nine.
Bianca Garcia: I mean, I'm not, I can definitely, I don't, but I don't feel like I'm there. But I do feel quite all right i right yes
Bianca Garcia: Excellent. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's turn our attention to a schedule. Um, how early. Do you think you could consistently attend. How early. Could we go as far as
Bianca Garcia: How early. Can I attend the meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: With me
They be yes.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I don't know. I mean this this time was fine. I mean, I would like little bit more time to get these kids to Psyche talks and be like, hey, because they just woke up when we were like in a hurry. And I was like,
Bianca Garcia: And I don't want them to interrupt. So I need to talk to them every time I have to have a meeting and
Bianca Garcia: Get them so
Gwenevere Abriel: It typically won't be on Saturday. So let's look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people are trying to get their kids there either of us and everybody has their own little routine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure your mornings and when are they either
Gwenevere Abriel: Out the door and mom or dad has or they're on the boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready to
Bianca Garcia: Make this nice
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I think like 10 ish around there because I have to go in, I have pre K, so I have to like sign during I stay with her breakfast that they take your class. So I'll be back down home by eight then change the baby. So yeah, I think like 10 1030
Bianca Garcia: You have anything available then
Bianca Garcia: To me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm struggling only because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any available next week. The only thing I have is, again, on a Saturday, while we carve out time together. It just gets to be a little challenging
I got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Movie.
Bianca Garcia: Well Saturday's fine.
Bianca Garcia: I would just do
Bianca Garcia: My best to have some time alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: How about will do this. But what we do 930 next Saturday, February 29. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to keep my eye because people are always getting new jobs and rolling in school and like
Gwenevere Abriel: And then everything changes. And then all of a sudden, there's a nice perfect 930 10 O'clock spot for you that opens up. So I've got to kind of be vigilant and keeping my eye out for you.
Bianca Garcia: Um, the 29th is my baby's birthday.
Bianca Garcia: And
Bianca Garcia: And I have to like get all them showered and ready. So I don't know if it's going to be a hectic morning because are we have to go to a birthday party. We're making your birthday party and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to cancel that. Let's keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does let me see what else I can do just to get through next week, though. What if we did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would we did
Gwenevere Abriel: We did. We did. We do. What if we didn't. What was this. Let me see. So it's three o'clock, my time, Your time is one
Bianca Garcia: Whoa, I forgot about your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing at two o'clock on a Thursday typically next Thursday.
Bianca Garcia: I pick up my kids at to to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok ok ok ok ok ok um
Bianca Garcia: Are you ahead of us the time or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you don't have to worry about that. That'll get that gets people really confused when they try to analyze the time difference. But yes, I am. Two hours later.
Gwenevere Abriel: So because you guys don't have think about it. I'll do all the heavy lifting for you, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Your group your groups are on Mondays. Right.
Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've ever heard her
Gwenevere Abriel: What a bell.
Bianca Garcia: No, no, to the book doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about one o'clock on February 25
Bianca Garcia: One o'clock. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I think that's
Bianca Garcia: That's good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we have your next appointment and I can. I'll put it in a text to on Monday night, so it'll we were going to confirm February 25 1pm Mountain Standard Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to jump into virtual clinic, about a quarter of sometimes they have groups. And it's like, Oh my gosh, there's so many people in here so it can take a while.
Bianca Garcia: Want to create some binder.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll see each other then
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Tuesday.
Bianca Garcia: Already awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be completely different than this thing will go
Bianca Garcia: Okay, awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you and your family this weekend. Welcome to
Gwenevere Abriel: Already working with. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you. We'll see you then. Have a good day. Bye bye.